doc/md: guide for named dbs with tf (#1574)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/guides/terraform/named-databases.mdx

AWS or [Cloud SQL](https://cloud.google.com/sql) on GCP, and use the relevant Terraform provider
([AWS](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/db_instance),
[GCP](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/sql_database_instance))
to provision these databases. For example:

<Tabs
defaultValue="AWS"
values={[
    {label: 'RDS (AWS)', value: 'AWS'},
    {label: 'Cloud SQL (GCP)', value: 'GCP'},
]}>
<TabItem value="AWS">

```hcl
resource "aws_db_instance" "default" {
  allocated_storage    = 10
  db_name              = "mydb"
  engine               = "mysql"
  engine_version       = "8.0"
  instance_class       = "db.t3.micro"
  username             = "foo"
  password             = "foobarbaz"
  parameter_group_name = "default.mysql8.0"
  skip_final_snapshot  = true
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value={"GCP"}>

```hcl
resource "google_sql_database_instance" "main" {
  name             = "main-instance"
  database_version = "POSTGRES_14"
  region           = "us-central1"

  settings {
    tier = "db-f1-micro"
  }
}
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> One of the common things IaC pipelines need to achieve when preparing the infrastructure for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When preparing the infrastructure for
```

> the deployment of applications is to ensure the required schemas (named databases) exist on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the deployment of applications, IaC need to ensure the required schemas (named databases) exist on the
```

database instance in which tables and other database resources will be created.

This can be done manually by connecting to the database instance and running a command such as:

```sql
CREATE SCHEMA "users";
CREATE SCHEMA "products";
CREATE SCHEMA "admin";
```

Such manual interactions with infrastructure is undesired in the context of IaC pipelines which
aim to eliminate all manual provisioning steps and replace them with automation.

To achieve the same goal, Terraform users may use the
[Atlas Terraform Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ariga/atlas/latest/docs)

> which allows teams to provision database resources as part of thei IaC pipelines. Let's see how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which allows teams to provision database resources as part of their IaC pipelines. Let's see how.
```

Start by adding the Atlas provider as a dependency of your Terraform project:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    // highlight-start
    atlas = {
      source = "ariga/atlas"
      version = "~> 0.4.5"
    }
    // highlight-end
  }
}
```

When storing schema definitions, many database engines perform some form of normalization.

> That is, despite us providing a specific definition of some aspect of the schema, the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meaning, despite us providing a specific definition of some aspect of the schema, the database
```

> will store it in another, equivalent form. This means in certain situations it may appear to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will store it in another, equivalent form. Therefore, in certain situations it may appear to
```

Atlas as if some diff exists between the desired and inspected schemas, whereas in reality
there is none.

To overcome these situations, we use the `atlas_schema` data source to provide Atlas
with a connection string to a [_Dev-Database_](https://atlasgo.io/concepts/dev-database).
This database is used to normalize the schema prior to planning migrations and for simulating
changes to ensure their applicability before execution.

Before running `terraform apply` for this project, make sure you have a locally running,

> *empty* database, you can use Docker to spin one up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*empty* database. You can use Docker to spin one up:
```

```shell
docker run --rm --name devdb -d -p 3306:3306 -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=pass mysql:8
```

Next, normalize the schema definition containing three schemas:
`users`, `products` and `admin`:

```hcl
// Load (and normalize) the desired schema from an SQL file.
data "atlas_schema" "db" {
  src = <<EOF
  schema "users" {}
  schema "products" {}
  schema "admin" {}
  EOF
  dev_db_url = "mysql://root:pass@:3306/"
}
```

> The `src` attributes defines the desired schema we wish to apply to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `src` attribute defines the desired schema we wish to apply to our
```
